Question 1. Display the name of movies, movie type is starts with Drama. 
Answer : Select * from movies where movietype like "Drama%";

Question 2. Display the movies acted by actor Ayushmann. 
Answer : select * from movies where heroame = "Ayushmann";

Qestion 3. Display the count of movies, having length above 18.
Answer : Select count(movieName) from movies where LENGTH>18;

Qestion 4. Display the movie having minimum length. 
Answer : SELECT MovieName From movie where Length=(Select min(Length) from movies);

Qestion 5. Display all the details of movie, the language that first name starts with ‘T’
Answer : Select * from movies where language like "T%";

Qestion 6. Display the movie name, hero name, heroine name whose having maximum length.
Answer : select movieName, heroName. heroine from movies where length = (select max(length from movies));

Qestion 7. Display the movie name, hero name, heroine name the movie released after 15 march 2018.
Answer : select movieName, heroName. heroine from movies where releaseDate > "2018-03-15";

Qestion 8. Display the count of thriller movies.
Answer : select count(*) from movies where movietype like "thriller%";

Qestion 9. Display the count of movies whose released before 15 march 2018.
Answer : select * from movies where release date < "2018-03-15";

Qestion 10. Display the release date of the movie name ‘Zero’. 
Answer : select releaseDate from movies where movieName = "zero";

Qestion 11.Display the actor name that acted with ‘Amy’.
Answer : select heroname from movies where heroine = 'amy';

Qestion 12.Display the Count of maximum movies released in a month of October. 
Answer : select * from movies where monthname(releasedate)='october';

Qestion 13.Display the movienames whose production id for different languages.
Answer :

Advanced Queries

1.Write the query to display productionid, production name with total number movies produced by each.
Query: select p.productionid, m.moviename, count(m.productionid) from movies as m inner join productions as p on p.productionid=m.productionid group by p.productionid;

2.Write the query to display production name, owner name have produced more than 2 movies.
Query: select p.Ownername,p.Productionid ,p.Productionname, count(m.moviename) from productions as p left join movies as m ON p.productionid = m.productionid group by p.productionid having count(moviename)>=2;

3.Write the query to display production name, owner name have produced maximum movies.
Query: select p.Productionid ,p.Productionname, max(mv.Moviename) from productions as p left join movies as mv ON p.Productionid = mv.Productionid group by p.Productionid ORDER BY 'Productionid' DESC LIMIT 1;

4.Write the query to display the moviename, heroname and productionname acted in the producer name= ’Subaskaran’.
Query: select p.Productionname, m.Moviename, m.Heroname, m.language from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.Productionid where ownername ='Subaskaran';

5.Write the query to display the moviename, heroname whose productionid ends with 82.
Query: select p.Productionname, m.Moviename, m.Heroname, m.language, m.productionid from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.Productionid where p.productionid like "%82";

6.Write the query to display the productionname, ownername who has not produced the movie. 
Query: select p.Productionname, p.Ownername from productions as p left join movie as m on p.Productionid = m.Productionid group by p.productionid having count(m.Movienname)=0;

7.Write the query to display the productionname, ownername who has not produced the ‘hindi’ movie.
Query: select p.Productionname, m.Moviename, m.Heroname, m.language from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.Productionid where language !='hindi';

8.Write the query name to display the heroinename who acted in the different productions but not in same production id.

Ans: "Pending"

9.Write the query to display the heroname who acted in maximum languages.
Query: Select p.Productionid ,m.Heroname, max(m.Language) from productions as p left join movie as m ON p.Productionid = m.Productionid group by m.Heroname;

10.Write the query to display the production name, owner name who has produced movie for more languages. 
Query: select Distinct p.Productionname,p.Ownername ,count(p.Productionname) as counter from movie as m right join productions as p ON m.productionid =p.productionid group by(m.language) order by(counter) desc limit 1;

11.Write the query to display the productionname, producername who has not produced any movie 
Query: select p.productionname, p.ownername from productions as p left join movies as m on p.productionid = m.productionid group by p.productionid having count(m.moviename)=0;
